To be able to visit your project on your local computer under a custom domain like Laravel DOT Test,
for example, you need to configure a so-called virtual Hulst in the Apache Web server.
Just so you know, doing this is completely optional.
There is a much easier way to run your Laravel app using the built in development web server 99 percent
of the time it's enough to use a built in server for local development.
The development server is started by running BB Artisan Service Command in the project directory and
can be stopped by pressing control.
See?
The project is available under the localhost IP with the Port 80000 by default.
This and the next lecture is here only for legacy reasons, but if you decided to go along, the process
is not complicated.
Go to the exam folder.
Then to Apache config folder and open the HTP decon file, mind that the extension of this file can
be hidden on your system.
Well, it depends on your system settings.
That's the only file you will see there called HD DVD anyway, you can drag it onto the visual studio
called.
Next, press control F and search for the hosts.
It should take you around line five to one.
And commence this line if it is commanded by removing the harsh character from the beginning of the
line, if it is already uncommented, then leave it as it is.
This makes Apache use their separate file that contains the virtual host config.
Now we need to open this viscose file.
So go to the extra folder.
And locate the htp d v Holst's dot com and then drag it to the ED.
Again, the extension might be hidden here, but the name is unique.
There are two example configurations in there, and we will modify one toggled they command in the first
one by selecting it.
And pressing control on your keyboard, you might have to do that twice.
Remove the first line and set the document routes to points to the Laravel application where you have
created it.
By default, this would be Seekamp H.T. Dogs, Laravel, and then we need to actually point to the public
folder inside our Laravel application, the server name has to be Laravel to test and we can specify
that allow us to be Laravel the test with the prefix.
W w w.
Additionally, configurator files were errors and server access log would be logged into in case of
a party error specific to this site.
This is where you will find logs.
But mind, this is just for server specific logs, not BHP application logs.
Next, safe Cengiz.
And go back to the Zamp control panel.
Restart Apache to apply the new configuration.
Though you are not done yet to use the domain, you need to configure it locally on your system first
and there is a separate lecture about that.